‘ Lucvuuu

ΟΝ rhu

LIFE AND WRlTINGS OF PERSIUS.

Deliuered at Oxfhrd sunuary 24, 1855.

ir is my intention for the present to deliver general lectures from time
to time on the characteristics of some oi the authors whom Ι may select
as subjects for my terminal courses. To those who propose to attend
my classes they will serve as prolegomena, grouping together various
matters which will meet us afterwards as they lie scattered up and down
the course os our expository readings, and giving the point oi view from
which they are to be regarded: to others Ι trust they may not be without
their use as Sketches Historical and Literary, complete in themselves, in
which an attempt will be made to bring out the various features and cir-
cumstances ol each author into a broad general light, and exhibit the
interest which they possess when considered independently ol critical
minutiae.

The writer os whom I arn to speak to-day is one who, as it seems to
me, supplies ample materiale both for detailed study and for a more
transient survey. It is a very superficial criticism which would pretend
that the reputation ol Persius is owing simply to the labour which has
'been spent upon him: still, where the excellence ol an author is un-
doubted, the difficulties os his thought or his language are only so many
additional reasons why the patient and prolonged study ol him is sure to
be profitable. The difficulties of Persius, tou, have the advantage ol
being definite and unmistalrable-lilre those ol Aeschylus, not like those
ol Sophocles—difficulties which do not elude the grasp, but close with it

 

